hi guys
so yesterday i did a presentation with
xander from the podcast called beyond
the 20 rules
and then we did an item review we talked
about item formulation
uh we talked about 20 rules of knowledge
formulation by
pyota and we also added some of our own
extensions
and right at the end of that
presentation
we talked about something that i'm super
interested in which is knowledge
evaluation
you know what things are actually worth
encoding as items
and so that's basically going to be the
topic of this session i'm going to be
doing
some research into uh sort of valuation
in general
and then focusing on knowledge
evaluation specifically
and i think that sm is very very well
suited
to this sort of um highly
interdisciplinary uh
inquiry essentially um
you know with valuation there's so much
to talk about you can talk about stocks
money knowledge of course um about
hoarding
real estate yachts and of course we can
also talk about
antiques and um so before i get into the
research i kind of wanted to show you a
clip
from one of my favorite tv shows
at the moment which is called bargain
hunt and in bargain hunt you have two
teams
you have to go to a garage sale they
have to buy three items
and sell them for the most profit at
auction
and this is one of the most interesting
items i've seen get sold at auction
on this show and i wanted to show you uh
to sort of uh you know prompt some ideas
about
you know why people value certain
objects what are the properties of these
objects that
that they value and um is there some
sort of underlying framework
guiding uh you know their decision to
value something highly or
not value it very highly at all okay
that's what the decision is made
yeah the dye is cast we're getting out
of the coop and we're going with the
cockroach big
big hopes for this one big hopes the
plush tea cozy in the form of a
cockrell's head
this is as cool as you can get so here
we have a cochrane wine of the 1930s
put him on 10 up 10 pound for it 10 bit
10 12 15. over there at 15.
you look like the sort of bloke that
would wear one of these
we're up to 32 35 38 14.
55 60. 65 17.
75 80. i had 85
90 100 110 120.
140.
220.
are you sure you're finished no one else
coming in in the room 214.
sell it at 240 then 250. oh yeah 250
pounds
anybody else at 250. it is the most
lovely cockrell's head i've ever seen
at 250 i sell them at 250 pounds no one
else in the room
that is unbelievable
they go so i hope that's uh perhaps
caused some
creative associations and serendipitous
creative associations in your mind right
now
um i hope it's got you thinking about
you know
why people value the things they do what
sort of properties about that object did
they actually value
and without further ado whether i do i
think we can get into
the actual research for today
all right so essentially what i've done
is i've created
a concept in my output folder
and it's sort of structured almost
like um each topic is a paragraph
in what will hopefully be like an
article or perhaps a video
um and so i actually started doing this
a while back
actually let me see uh when i started
this
this one's been around for a while maybe
control shift h
yeah a long time so since i've been
writing this for a while now
um so the first thing i'm going to do is
actually go back and look at what i've
done so far
try and remember about
the sorts of ideas i was having whether
they've changed or not
whether i can add anything else in and
then
i'll start probably doing some subset
reviews
um start linking to other concepts
because
knowledge evaluation valuation is like
linked to so many other things as i was
saying in the beginning so
all right i'll get right into it
so as i just suggested in incremental
learning the intervals between
when you first see an element and when
you next see it can grow to be very
large
so often what you need to do is when you
next see the element you need to go back
and sort of refresh your memory of what
exactly you were thinking
last time you saw the element and
actually i think
rather than that being a disadvantage of
incremental learning
i actually think it's one of its major
strengths because that time interval
um in between when you see the elements
can act as a filter on some of your
misconceptions and it can
also act as a sort of
a buffer zone where you have a bunch of
time to
learn the prerequisite knowledge that
you weren't familiar with
before you next see the topic and that's
especially useful
if you're working on quite a difficult
problem or a problem where
it requires uh sort of a deep dive into
multiple different areas
if you're interested at all in
incremental writing i definitely
recommend that you check out master how
to learn's blog
he's done a bunch of articles on
incremental writing and as far as i know
most of his articles were written using
incremental writing so he's definitely
got a bunch of experience way more than
me in this domain
okay so i've read through
most of what i've done so far uh just
basically loading up my
working memory trying to remember
actually what i've done
at this point what i want to do is show
you some of the articles
that really inspired this research
project
so i think i'll start obviously with the
20 rules knowledge formulation
so essentially why we made that
presentation the other day beyond the 20
rules is because
uh well at least for me a large part of
it was that the 20 rules of knowledge
formulation
only deals with uh knowledge formulation
or at least primarily deals with
knowledge formulation
it doesn't deal with the pre the sort of
prerequisite step
of um knowledge evaluation you need to
pick what you're going to formulate
before you formulate it of course
so he does was does
uh create this um meta rule the pleasure
of learning
so one way you can interpret it is that
you should be guided towards
those topics those subjects those pieces
of knowledge that are pleasurable for
you to learn
um however i
don't entirely agree with it i think
that there needs to be
some sort of meaningful goal um
that you're pursuing uh when you're
doing your learning you need to have
some sort of
application of the things that you're
learning in order to make good decisions
about
what material you import uh what you
turn into items and so on
and this isn't uh
a unique sport i think maybe i was
influenced by
this article or working note by andy
right and he's basically written that
the dominant culture
around space repetition memory systems
is fixated on
meaningless goals and he gives this
example this common failure pattern and
in my
in my opinion people often having found
a space repetition system anki or
supermemo they decided to
to they decide to use it
to memorize um things
that really have a very low probability
of actually being useful in your real
life or
um anything else uh
i propose that people need to have some
sort of meaningful goal
in terms of valuation there's this
very good article by was
and he basically tries to
uh disaggregate the value of an item
into its component parts
so he basically comes up with this
method
of deciding whether it's worth creating
an
item and it's pretty interesting
i need to read i definitely need to
really read this i i'm sure i've read
this before
but um
yeah so i will definitely reread this
article
in a second and finally there's
this article this excellent literature
review by gwen
going on space repetition and there's
this paragraph here
where gwen provides sort of a
fast and frugal heuristic for deciding
whether it's worth creating an item
and basically it comes down to uh
five minutes he decides that if
memorizing an item can save you five
minutes of time
then it's going to be worth creating
that item
and i'm not entirely sure
i agree with this heuristic
so far um i basically have some
preliminary
thoughts on
that uh
it basically came down to you know the
five-minute rule
um it didn't really make sense to me
because
the distribution of time um
that you spend on items in your
collection is a power law
so 20 of your items require
80 of your time so those are the leeches
in your collection right
and the rest of them will require very
little time
so when you just have one figure
five minutes almost like an average uh
figure it doesn't really make sense in
the context of a
parallel distribution for me um
though i will admit my math is not
nearly as sharp as gwen's
i could be completely wrong um i
actually made i just made a task to do a
subset review of
power law distributions so hopefully we
can find out whether
i'm thinking along the right lines and
secondly um
i had another thought about you know is
there a double power loading plate
uh
you know is item value also distributed
according to a power law
so and if so how can we create items
that cost us very little time
and also provide the maximum value how
can we get items that
are like right over here so they require
very little time
um and also create the most value
the most um uh
whoops over here create the most um
creative associations and ideas
so here i was just sort of fumbling
about trying to get that paragraph from
the ground article back into
my collection since i'd already imported
the article at an early time
so what i'm going to do i'm going to
leave that paragraph from gwen
um under the original article
and i'm going to use
links to link it to
the output folder and also a number of
other concepts
i'll show you as i as i do it which ones
i think are
uh sort of related to what he's talking
about here so
uh i do link about you
right value and cost and learning of
course
and what he's talking about here is also
related of course to
the article so knowledge valuation
right okay
i'm just going to do the rest of those
tasks right now
that i created for myself
accept
so linking to valuation linking to
naseem to a lab
who has very interesting ideas about
valuations i'm sure will come in handy
and then i'll do a subset review of
whatever i have in my collection about
the power law i might need to go and
find some stuff from
the internet for this because my math
knowledge is very lacking so
all right let's link to valuation
evaluation here you can see me using the
program ueli which is the keyboard
launcher
and i'm using some ahk scripts to help
me do some ui
automation setting the concept and
things like that
i definitely ought to have a concept
friendly seems hello because there's
very
there's so much you can talk about with
this guy so um
i'm gonna go to my people folder and i
should uh
turn that into a concept actually i
definitely recommend getting used to ahk
if you're going to be using super memory
because it really helps with
uh doing this sort of ui automation
thing so
for example in order to move around the
tree the knowledge tree i often
set the concept and then press alt c and
it will
basically select right under that
concept
so it's really uh convenient for
navigating the tree
and actually what i might do is search
in my collection have i already got a
bunch of stuff
from the scene celeb and i might move
some of it into
this concept so it just makes it easier
to find
so ctrl shift p then alt g
hello um yeah there we go
that will move this under that it seems
to like concept
so in some cases i've already imported
some of
taleb's work under other concepts so he
has the concept of the blacks one
right and so um some of his work is
already under there i think what i'll do
is i'll link
the theme to lab to blacks one
and in that way if i do a
um in that way i can just associate the
two concepts rather than moving this
under the scene to lab in the hierarchy
i can just keep this here
and associate them through the links
um
okay
okay uh yeah like i was saying this is
um
very interesting sort of developing
better heuristics
for valuing something on the fly
so we've got the five-minute rule from
gwen is there anything
that we can add to that is there you
know
um any other sort of fast rules that you
can give yourself to
improve the quality of the items you
make and
it seems like this would give me a bunch
of ideas about that so
i've increased the priority and i'll
link it to
the output folder
violation
so during this period i was just looking
through more of teleps articles
and just setting the priority or linking
to the output folder sounds very
interesting
um you know is there a way that we can
uh discuss the uncertainty in
um the unsung the uncertainty inherent
in
learning something like you can't know
before you have
a creative association which parts of
what you've learned were actually really
important for creating that association
it all seemed to happen it all seems to
happen sort of behind the scenes
in your mind unconsciously so
maybe this will be useful who knows i'll
link it
let's see and increase the priority
i think on something like this the
normal distribution that will be
important to review
so that i can compare it with uh the
um power load distribution
one experience i kept having during
today's session was uncovering old notes
that i'd forgotten actually exist
so that was really nice it was sort of
like uncovering an old journal
or something like that
wow yeah i'm finding all of these things
in my output folder that i forgot i'd
started uh microeconomics of learning
i won't go too much into it but let's
just link it
and we can do i think since there's
being so many links uh
getting made i think what i'll do is
i'll try a neural review over all of
these things and
i think that might be the first time i
use neural uh review so that'll be
interesting
so i'll link this as well to the output
folder
i'm going to read uh part of the super
memo manual
on neural review because i think it does
a pretty good job
of explaining what it is but ultimately
the best way to sort of understand how
it works
is to use it yourself like i hadn't used
it until today but now i
feel like i have a better understanding
of how it works so
super mario 18 features an innovative
form of incremental learning which we'll
call
neural learning in neural learning
supermemory serves the student with
knowledge associated with a selected
subject article picture or other
knowledge is served in a neural way
by sequentially exploring semantic
connections in a network of information
built automatically or manually in
supermemory
supermemory takes inspiration from how
the brain works creativity enhances
supermemory is very slow
but it is targeted and methodical neural
creativity works like a slow brain
extended by memories stored in super
memory
um
i instead of doing the subset review
of the parallel right now i want to go
straight into
a neural review because i've not really
done it before and i think i have made
enough links that it should be really
interesting and valuable so
uh i've got to try and oh yeah here we
go go neural let's go neural
okay
so my understanding of what happened
there when i clicked uh go neural
is that supermemory took all of the
elements linked
either hierarchically or using the link
function which i was using
earlier in the video and created a cue
out of them
i think what i'm going to do for this
article is actually take the bits that i
think
sort of summarize what sensitivity
analysis is
and i'll try and reframe it in terms of
knowledge valuation
um or at least i'll make a topic to
do that in the future um
i'm not exactly sure whether it would be
useful so
i'll just bump down the priority a
little bit
22 and i'll just
try and take the bits from this
introduction
that are written more for a general
audience than the
math stuff down here
just highlight the bits that seem
particularly interesting to me
this part is interesting so this is one
of the benefits of having like a simple
heuristic like
five-minute rule you when you're
reading through your topic and you're
deciding what to make items from you
don't have time or
brain energy to run something
computationally or just cognitively
expensive right you can't
think of every possible situation in
which
an item could be valuable so we need to
come up with
it seems like we have no choice but to
create simple heuristics um
this part actually reminds me of gerd
he i think really stresses the value of
the fast and frugal
heuristics so what i'm going to do is
extract this probably give it a high
priority because it's really interesting
um and then i'll link it to go
gigarinzer
and then i'll link um
go gigarinzer probably to
the output folder as well
and a good tip is to always uh
write down the associations you had when
you made the extract because otherwise
you just tend to forget
it's always good to be reminded of why
you found something interesting
so i'll just say
give it a 12. this looks very good
actually you know there are more
connections that we can make like um
central planning
planning you know when they talk about
this uh cursive dimensionality
it reminds me of um you know the central
planners
in can't remember which countries
i don't want to get that wrong i'll
check but uh they
tried to come up with this way to make
central planning
uh computationally efficient using
linear programming or something like
that
and they used a bunch of like
dimensionality reduction
to try and overcome the curse of
dimensionality which makes it very
difficult
when you have a large number of
interacting variables and
interconnected variables to make an
optimum decision so
yeah all of that's going to come in
handy and
in fact central planning is also linked
to for example
um like uh having a curriculum
like uh in the traditional education
system you have
basically something a situation very
similar to
central planning where people um
decide which knowledge is worth
you learning by packaging it into a
curriculum
and telling you that you have to learn
certain things
um and then of course there is
the sort of self-directed free learning
approach which is
sort of models itself more closely after
like a free market approach i don't know
if i did a good explanation there but
you can see that it's just so
interconnected valuation
um all of this sensitivity analysis
stuff and computational expense
yeah super useful
yeah i mean this looks excellent um
what scientific concept would improve
everybody's cognitive toolkit
anti-fragility very nice
ah convex tinkering this is another of
uh taleb's um
concepts so what i'll do is
i will link this to talib i think
i haven't done it already then i will
import
that article on anti-fragility under the
convex tinkering
one why not
okay oh
okay
oh yes here we go
perfectly sets me up for a beautiful
item right there thank you to leb
so around here i started to realize that
pretty much everything
talib writes is going to be perfect for
this project
oh man
learning yeah there we go
fragile classroom exactly
nailed it this is so cool
oh yeah oh yes
i'm not i'm not really sure what he's
talking about with the
concavity and convexity i know
i've got that convex tinkering thing
oh something about evolution as well
black swans
there's something mathematical about
this
all right i'm going to take this
extract it i need to do some more work
to try and understand
actually what he's talking about with
the concave and convex stuff
but this
is awesome
this is going together too super useful
like this this could be used to uh
like sort of give you a guide on what
sort of connections to make um
what sort of concepts you could make and
then the connections between them
you know you could link all of the uh
anti-fragile
domains into the same thing and then all
of the
fragile domains into the same concept
and
find the similarities between them and
so on
all right
right are you anti-fragile to such
uncertainty
physical or epidemic epistemic is what
we're interested in right
i think i can understand what he's
saying here the smaller the probability
of some event the more
difficult it is to predict it the more
convex it becomes a computational error
you can't
predict it by trying to run simulations
or anything
you want to make sure that you have lots
of these tiny
you're exposing yourself to
events that have very small
probabilities of giving you
a lot of value right rather than
many uh small events that could
completely crumble you
you know uh okay so that's obviously got
a lot of links with
finance and stock investments
yeah this is amazing this is getting
poor
i want to see this again and think about
it
changing the inequality is the hidden
entry engine
history now the central point
by simple mathematical property one can
show y under a model of
uncertainty okay items in that column
so i'm going to move this under the uh
under the table
and now i've pretty much
got rid of everything so i'm just going
to
hit done yep okay
um back to this one let's see if there's
anything
quickly that we can get
squaring
ah there we go squaring is a context
function take a die
consider a payoff equal to the number at
amazon you expect
that
now assuming we get the square okay no i
don't understand that
all right um
jensen's inequality i haven't heard of
before
a convex payoff the expectation of an
average will be higher than the average
of expectations
all right
i'm gonna extract this and keep it as
its own thing as well as having it under
here since it relates to the
actually no oh
i'll just extract this as a same
question
like a six yeah okay
let's move on
the reward function and preferences in
economics
one of the benefits i found from
learning purposefully
in order to answer the question and to
research
about knowledge evaluation is that i was
thinking about everything in terms of
that question and so when this element
came up i was
already primed to sort of think of it in
terms of knowledge evaluation and i was
trying to make connections
effortfully between those two domains
if i were to link this to what i'm doing
knowledge valuation what i would say is
that
uh and i think i've i've written about
this before but i didn't do a very good
job of explaining it
the reward function is like
your end goal in learning right this is
the thing that you
try to maximize with some inputs
you try to put a bunch of inputs into
your reward function
and get the maximum value and your
preferences sort of guide
um guide you so your preferences would
be
sort of like
no i'm not sure i'm not sure
and another benefit i noticed from doing
these
these sessions and recording them is
that i feel more motivated to
put in the effort to search for the
answer and try and actually connect
things together
yeah so like i was just saying
i've written about this before the
reward function in reinforcement
learning seems to
uh just give me a lot of thoughts about
um you know the end goal in learning
uh you
basically i'm trying to link it to what
i was saying at the beginning you know
the importance of having a meaningful
goal
it's important because it's going to um
guide
the learner's behavior right
you
basically say what you want to
accomplish and then all the actions you
take
right within this uh system
should be consistent with your reward
function
your your end goal and in that way
you're always
uh ideally making progress
towards um
towards that end goal and learning like
meaningful stuff rather than being
fixated as
andy put it on meaningless goals
that's pretty cool i didn't know bing
did that that's actually really nice
so let's say the learner exists in some
system
or environment they have they now have a
bunch of
you know this preferences thing
describes when you have like a bunch of
different actions that you could take
and you have to select the ones that
will
to link it to the reward function um
maximally
satisfy this reward function and give
you the most reward possible
um how to look back to learning
in learning
i suppose a very simple example
you click on a topic and
you see some interesting paragraph
it's interesting because you think it
might
uh give you progress to
your uh to fulfilling your reward
function
and reaching your end goal and learning
so now you have a choice of two actions
you can decide
whether to make the item
or to just not make the item and you do
like a cost benefit analysis is it worth
making this item will it bring me closer
towards my goal
all right that's pretty good i think
i squeezed this number as much as i
possibly could out of that because i
don't really know a whole lot about
machine learning uh reinforcement
learning reward functions or
preferences in economics but that's that
seems to be pretty
cool i like the idea of visualizing like
having like an x1
x2 down to xn and then having to order
them
decide which one has the most value and
then play that action
into the system observe it did you get a
reward or not
nice
one thing that would be good to add to
neural review would be
some setting to change how related you
want the
elements in the queue to be related to
the original element
that you started the review on because i
found that a lot of the
elements i was being shown were quite
unrelated to actually what i wanted to
do but i suppose perhaps you could
simply use a subset review if you are
more interested in having
something very closely related to the
question at hand
here we go understanding is a pause
substitute for convexity this looks like
a talent one
right perfect
yes oh yes i can see a metaphor analogy
here so i know it's gonna be good
um
where is this in the tree
convex tinkering okay okay
so what i'm gonna do right now is just
take a quick break
and um then i will get straight back
into it
and start extracting all the useful
nuggets from
this paper by tele all right guys so i'm
back after a little break
and i'm gonna get stuck into this paper
here
um i think
perhaps i actually finished the paper
and maybe i'd copied all of this stuff
that i found interesting from the paper
into this topic but i'm going to make
sure that there's nothing
still in that paper that's interesting
so i've got to find out on the internet
and take a look
very good okay straight away
logically neither trial and error nor
chance in serendipity can be behind the
gains
in technology and empirical science
attributed to them
by definition chance cannot lead to
long-term term gains
it would no longer be chance trial and
error cannot be
unconditionally effective errors cause
planes to crash
and that should regress okay
this sorry this should be much higher
priority
nine uh
that's sort of what i've concluded from
this paragraph i it's not clear to me
exactly what he's saying yet
so it seems like what you're saying
rather than trial and error or
chance pure chance
um what you have
is this
some sort of asymmetry between the
potential payoff the potential gain
and the cost
and this definitely links to items for
me
like items when you review them in a
space repetition system
the cost is very low because it's been
optimized to show you things
at the perfect interval and minimize the
cost of retaining
knowledge over time but of course
the potential payoff from an item could
be very large
you could have a huge gain on making
some creative association that allows
you to
solve some problem um
start business whatever i think that's
why i became interested in this idea
from
caleb so i'm gonna include this picture
and try and make sure that i actually
understand what he's saying here
i'm especially skeptical of this part
that
i don't think i got fully what he was
saying
this really showed the value of
redundancy in terms of articles and
having multiple articles that explain
the same thing
because i struggled for a while to find
a good explanation of convexity
and then finally in this little
paragraph it really
made sense in my head
finally a good explanation of convexity
here
makes it very clear
um or at least it should do i'll get
back to this
extract in a sec
optionality yes good
very good
this is a great article this is really
good this is uh clearing up
a lot of misunderstandings that i had
about teleph
and his work and those concepts of
convexity and
concavity and it's given me a bunch of
ideas for
valuation as well
gain from the disorder cluster wow
my goodness okay oh yeah i want to
reframe that in terms of learning
reflecting
learning
yes seven rules here we go
these can be part of our heuristics for
knowledge valuation we could have seven
rules of
anti-fragility for learning in learning
right reframe lens of learning
is there anything here that can give us
a better understanding of
um the the sorts of items we should be
making
that could be you know more nuanced than
the five-minute rule
that gwen suggested right
this is a one this is just excellent and
i'm going to link it directly with
um the output for the
knowledge valuation
and i'll it's already in complex
tinkering so that's fine
okay yeah that's a really good one
done okay um
yeah i really think i understand what
you're saying now so
yeah i'm going to stay in this branch
for a little bit and just go back and
forth trying to
uh you know restate things on my own
terms i'm trying to do the reframing
thing
reframing what the lab is saying in
terms of learning and
yeah let's do it
this is a reminder to always bring
snacks to a long incremental reading
session
damn i'm getting super hungry
um all right
yeah guys i'm gonna take another break
i'm just getting so hungry
but i really i'm excited to get back
into this because this article
is uh you know it's just full of golden
nuggets so
i'll see you again in maybe 10 or 15
minutes
all right guys i'm back after getting
some food um
let's get back into it
rejuvenated after getting some food i
got straight back
into the article and started making some
items
especially from things like convexity
since that was one of the things that i
had actually originally
really struggled to understand and this
article really cleared up for me
this is a pretty critical portion of the
article for me
critically complex payoffs benefit from
uncertainty and disorder
the nonlinear properties of the payoff
function that is convexity
the asymmetry between gains and losses
allow us to formulate rational and
rigorous research policies
and ones that allow the harvesting of
randomness
this is just fantastic
this section it really links to
my whole idea about um you know adding
purpose and goals and meaningful goals
to
uh the 20 rules um you know having
a goal and then learning towards that
goal and
using trying somehow to
find ways to do that exploiting the
this convex payoff property somehow
yeah so you can have a teleological
research agenda that still exploits
this property of convexity i think
that's what he's saying it's like
um
so you can have a framework you can't
have
you can pursue technological or
scientific advances
systematically you just need to make
sure that you're searching for these
convex payoffs
okay that's good very very good three
and i'll turn those things into items
not so sure about this one so i will
just leave it and next time it comes up
i can decide whether i want to
make that or not
and this i'm going to link directly with
um
the output folder since it's
so critical i think to understanding
uh this and generating more ideas about
knowledge evaluation
i think in learning the x your input
into your learning is time
i think i've felt like that for a while
because so much of information now is
free
online
yeah understanding the payoff function
um
having having a goal in learning i think
is important to understand the payoff
function so let's take a very simple
example let's say
that your payoff uh function your goal
in learning is to make as much money as
possible
then for each unit of time you input
into your learning
you want to make you want to make as
much money as possible from
each unit of time that you input
and you want to exploit convexity if you
input time
and things don't go as planned you don't
want to lose
um i don't know i don't know if that
makes sense but
i'm not sure if i can make the payoff
function like how much money you get
because i think
the x measured in time and f of x
measured in
money i don't know if that makes sense
um
i don't know i'll leave a note
think about it
perfect yeah
hello just formulating it for me i don't
even have to do any work
beautiful
okay nice cooking analogy to make it
into the
beautiful heuristics of trial and error
i think i'm going to move on to the next
thing at this point this is called this
excellent
um so much useful stuff in there
um
ah yeah i'll link that directly with
the other model because it's so
uh fundamental okay
it's already there let's go
whenever i say it's douglas of stutter i
know it's going to be something good
and this of course is no
exception to the rule the parallel
terrorist scan
so the idea of the parallel terror scan
i think is that
um you
explore many different possibilities
concurrently
and for each possibility
you estimate the expected reward and
invest resources
in that possibility according to its
invested uh its expected reward
and it basically just reminded me a lot
of
the process of incremental reading right
you
import uh topics
and you set their priority
and because your queue is sorted by the
priority
you will over time invest more resources
in those that have a
higher priority than those that have a
lower priority and of course you are
studying many things in parallel so
in my mind the process of incremental
reading
or just incremental learning in general
this applies to the incremental approach
no matter what material you're studying
or how you're studying it
you know you're
exploring in parallel and investing
resources
in in a way that attempts to be optimal
at this point i was getting pretty tired
so
i ended up not really being able to make
any more connections
i don't know i know it's connected in
some way
but i just can't think i think i'm
getting a little bit tired i'll
decrease
i mean i'll increase the priority a lot
i want to
see this again i think it's such a good
idea i know there's a couple of people
in the discord who i'm going to send
who are going to really like this idea
um
i'll make a note of that
yeah this could be related to knowledge
evaluation
maybe um
perhaps you could frame learning
just trying to minimize your regret from
not picking the best thing to learn
you tr you try your best to pick the the
things
uh you try and pick things to learn that
will give you the most benefit
and you try and minimize the regret from
not picking the best
thing to learn if that makes sense
how do we how do we avoid regret
in learning there we go
uh regretted version that sounds really
interesting
yeah this is good
this is more tangentially related i
think
but it's still pretty good i'll
definitely
link this directly to the output folder
um
and i think i'll move on
okay i think at this point i'm going to
go back to the output folder
and see if i can just write up
any of the ideas i've had so far
um yeah i think the research part was
really productive i managed to find a
bunch of ideas
especially from to lab he was uh pretty
instrumental in this session today
um i would have liked to get more
writing done but i can just feel myself
getting tired and tired
uh so i don't know i'll see what i can
get done
in terms of writing and if i'm not able
to get anything done that's fine i've
already had a pretty good day so far so
let's see
evaluation
all right i think that's pretty much
summarized
all of that reading that i did um
so that was really interesting that's
pretty much the first time i think i've
used
neural review and all of those links
that i made are between all of the
different concepts like
um they seem to lab and all of the uh
power law
normal distribution stuff um
and all the other things i read today
that's really gonna come in handy in the
future
when i uh come back to this topic and i
want to make more progress
i can just go back to this concept
go back to learn neural review and it
will go back
all through all of those um concepts and
items that i link between um which will
provide a lot of
like hopefully some creative
serendipity and new associations and
things like that
so i think that's it for me today it was
really good session
again um if you enjoyed this video do
let me know
and i'll see you in the next one